As requested all the HTML code which is repeated i.e header in separate file

There are two accounts active in the database

1.Normal users

username: Manan
password: boy

username :jinali
password:girl

2. Admin login information
username: server
password: design



Local user doesn't have the privilege to go to the admin page and add or edit products information.


All database functions are implemented under DB.class.php and also made use of PDO functions. All queries wherever required are parameterized.

1.Project1 passses HTML 5 validation.
2. CSS is in External stylesheet.
3. has minimum required pages which few separate php files like header, logout

3.index.php has

  3.1 Sales section
  3.2 Catalog Section
  3.3 Minimum 15 items in Database
  3.4 Sales Item does not appear in catalog section
  3.5 Paging is achieved
  3.6 Add to Cart is the alias to buy button and adds the items into the cart.

4.cart.php

  4.1 Total prices are listed.
  4.2 Posting are loaded dynamically with the help of database.
  4.3 Empty button deletes the entires from the cart.

5.admin.php

   5.1 A form to put items on sale or remove them from being on sale. Also the sale constraint is checked where the user can't add more than 5 items i.e. only maximum of 5 items at a time.
   5.2 A form to add items to the catalog including a button to upload an image.
   5.3 A password field is also achieved.
   5.4 All input will be validated and sanitized as appropriate based on the information in the field. e.g quantity cannot be decimal. Prrice, Saleprice should be numeric.
   5.5 The method of the form(s) will be POST.

6.DB.class.php and LIB_project1.php or other Class structure

   6.1 The code in this file(s) will be structured as reusable functions that will be called by the other pages.
   6.2 Copious comments will describe the inputs, outputs, and purpose of each function.
   6.3 This file will be included/required by the other pages.


7. Extras

   7.1 Cart handling is done by user instead of all sharing the same cart.
   7.2 Use sessions for logging/authorization for admin functions.
   7.3 tried implementing Database functions use PDO with Object Mapping in a separate class. 
   7.4 Maintained session properly with cart remove/Empty functionality.
   7.5 Paging index handled for pages greater than total products too. 
   ie. User enter 30 in URL as page=30,but user reflects the last page only.
   